Suggested reviewers:

* 	Dr. Xevi Biarnés Fontal
	Laboratory of Biochemistry
	Bioinformatics and Molecular Modeling Unit
	IQS, Universitat Ramon Llull
	xavier.biarnes@iqs.url.edu 

	Dr. Biarnés is one of the authors of METAGUI, a VMD GUI for
	the post-processing of metadynamics simulations.


*	Prof. Gianni De Fabritiis
	Computational Biophysics Laboratory
	Research Group on Biomedical Informatics (GRIB) - IMIM
	Universitat Pompeu Fabra
	gianni.defabritiis@upf.edu

	Prof. De Fabritiis has pioneered high-throughput molecular
	dynamics simulations with the use of GPUs and distributed
	computing. Part of the motivation for this software was to
	streamline the batch analysis of the datasets collected by the
	group.


* 	Dr. Gareth Tribello
	Department of Physics and Astronomy
	School of Mathematics and Physics
	Queen's University Belfast
	g.tribello@qub.ac.uk 

	Dr. Tribello is one of the developers of PLUMED 2, and
	authored GISMO/SketchMap a VMD plugin performing
	dimensionality reduction calculations and to visualize their
	results.


* 	Prof. Jana Selent
	Computer-Assisted Drug Design Laboratory (CADD)
	Research Group on Biomedical Informatics (GRIB) - IMIM
	Universitat Pompeu Fabra
	jana.selent@upf.edu 

	Prof. Selent is an expert on the modeling of GPCRs and
	authored several all-atom studies of receptors' interactions
	with the lipid environment with metadynamics/PLUMED.


*	Santi Esteban-Martín
	Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics
	Chemistry and Molecular Pharmacology Programme
	Institute for Research in Biomedicine (IRB Barcelona)
	santiago.esteban@irbbarcelona.org

	Dr. Esteban-Martín is an expert in lipid bilayers and NMR
	orientational studies.


* 	Prof. Alessandro Laio
	Statistical and Biological Physics 
	International School for Advanced Studies (SISSA)
	laio@sissa.it

	Prof. Laio published extensively in the field of enhanced
	sampling and is one of the authors of METAGUI, a VMD GUI for
	the post-processing of PLUMED-based simulations.
 

* 	Prof. Francesco Gervasio
	Chair of Biomolecular Modeling
	Department of Chemistry
	University College London
	f.l.gervasio@ucl.ac.uk

	Prof. Gervasio, besides authoring many cornerstone papers on
	the application of metadynamics to drug design, is one of the
	developers of the original PLUMED software, and also an early
	user of PLUMED-GUI.


